So I think there's many ways that you can do to improve your skills. Um,
you should. You should be a forever learner. Everywhere you go, you
should always want Thio increase. You should be reading a ZMA each
as you possibly can, But there's always opportunities, uh, for extra
schooling, whether it's civilian, whether it's military with JPM
me or going upto postgraduate school or taking a spot at Monterey Toe.
Learn something new. So there's opportunities. I think for everyone
enlisted has opportunities for different certifications. You could
even get a certification and coaching and being a life coach. And
so I think, the limit its limitless out there even as far as taking
a civilian school, Um, many times the G I bill will cover those opportunities
also.